{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 - For each week, watch videos, read summaries, revise slides. Then:\
  \'97 prior to doing the programming exercise, look at the lecture notes in \'91resources\'92, using SQ3R approach to make sure I\'92ve memorised it. Derive all the maths presented by hand myself, and do any other stuff that\'92s there that wasn\'92t in the lecture slides, too.\
  \'97 before doing the programming exercises, get the test cases and do a TDD approach.\
  \'97 While doing the programming exercises, make sure you understand how to translate the equations into vectorised forms. Try deriving and doing this first without looking at the vectorised implementations in the notes. Where there are other gaps in my understanding, too, derive equations or use paper to explore the concept.\
  \'97 after doing the programming exercises, look at the tutorials and the \'91programming ex\'92 bits in the resources to see if there\'92s anything I can improve on\
\
\
- Go over course again to revise, once completed. Read through notes. Incl:\
  \'97Basics/overview, e.g. different types of problem and the hypothesis/learning flowchart thing. Cocktail party problem and supervised/unsupervised learning and regression/classification/etc\
 \
- Read through the notes regularly.\
\
(Maybe\
\'97 Do all the problems in pandas. Read lecture note summary before the exercises as I did the first time round (all weeks).\
 \'97 Do all the problems using scikit-learn. Again read lecture note summary before the exercises.\
 )}